Update change log, add force_matomo_http_request (#19563)
piwik/piwik: CHANGELOG.md

* The user management UI no longer allows direct creation of a new user (with a password). Instead an invitation can be sent via email. Directly creating a new user is still possible using the API.

### New config.ini.php settings

> * A config setting `force_matomo_http_request`, if set to 1, forces matomo marketplace and matomo api requests to over HTTP instead of HTTPS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A general config setting `force_matomo_http_request` defaulting to 0. If the Matomo instance can't make requests to matomo.org via HTTPS this can be set to 1 to force matomo marketplace and matomo api requests to use HTTP instead of HTTPS.
```
